This is a plugin for Qmmp (1.0.0 or greater) which supports OptimFROG
files.

The OptimFROG SDK is required: http://www.losslessaudio.org/SDK.php.
Only version 1.400 (corresponding to OptimFROG 5.000) and later are
supported.

On Linux, the SDK is not installable in the way most packages are: it
doesn't have a standard installation scheme that puts headers in
/usr/include and libraries in /usr/lib, for example.  Instead, inside of
the SDK is an “SDK” directory with the shared library in a “Library”
directory and headers in “OptimFROG”.  The downside to this method is
that the dynamic linker doesn't know where to find the shared library.
An RPATH is set so the dynamic linker has an idea of where to look for
the shared library, but if that directory is moved, the linker will not
know where to find it.  Moving the library into /usr/lib or similar
should alleviate the problem, but ideally OptimFROG would be able to
install itself (or be installed) into /usr with standard accoutrements
such as a pkgconf file and shared library versioning.  Upshot: you have
to know where your shared library is since there's no standard for
OptimFROG.

Qmmp plus development headers need to be installed.  Some vendors may
split Qmmp into two packages, with the development package being named
something like qmmp-devel or libqmmp-dev.  Qt5 development packages are
also required.

A C++11 compiler is required.  Modern releases of GCC and Clang work
fine.

To build, run Qt5's qmake (often installed as qmake-qt5), passing the
path to the SDK, and then build with make:

$ qmake-qt5 OPTIMFROG_PATH=/path/to/OptimFROG_Linux_x64_5002/SDK
$ make

To install:

$ make install

This installs the plugin into Qmmp's input plugin directory.  To install
to a staging area, such as for packaging:

$ make install INSTALL_ROOT=/path/to/staging
